You can now design a full mobile app
with AI. Actually install it on your
phone without writing a single line of
code because Google just dropped new
connectors for Stitch, Anti-Gravity, and
Flutter. Which [music] means that you
can go from an idea to a working app
just by describing what you want. And by
the end of this video, you'll know how
to operate agents to design your app,
build it, and deploy it all using tools
that you can try for free today. Let's
get started.
Hey, if you're new here, my name is Jay.
I spent a decade in creative and
marketing work and half a decade leading
data teams and now founded our AI
solutions group and RoboNuggets our
education arm where we have several
hundred members all AI practitioners
across the globe and here our mission is
to make creating with AI easy to learn
regardless what your background is with
a wealth of lessons that most people
join for but most members stay because
of the community that we have built. So
what is Google Stitch? Stitch is
Google's AI design tool that turns your
words into complete app interfaces. You
describe your app in a few sentences or
give a reference website to copy the
visuals off and it generates stunning
fully designed screens in seconds. So if
you want to redesign your landing page
or build a multi-step checkout flow or
even create a dashboard for your SAS
company, you just describe it and Stitch
can design it. And it's also integrated
with Nano Banana, which is Google's best
image generation model and probably the
best in the world right now. So if your
design needs custom images or
illustrations, it can create them on the
fly. And the best part about this is
that Google is offering it for
completely free for you to start with.
And then we have anti-gravity. Now
anti-gravity is Google's agentic coding
platform. And in anti-gravity, you don't
need to write code. You don't need to
connect any nodes or modules. You just
describe what you want and it builds it
out for you. And there's a lot of things
you can do with anti-gravity. And one of
them is for you to create real mobile
applications within anti-gravity once
you connect it to Flutter. And Flutter
is the third part of this equation. It
is Google's framework or toolkit for
building mobile apps. It's used by big
brands like Google Pay, eBay, Alibaba,
BMW, Toyota, the New York Times, and it
is completely open source and free. So
once Antiggravity knows how to use
Flutter, it can build your mobile app
for you from start to finish. And
because Flutter is crossplatform, you
can also deploy to both the Android Play
Store or the iOS app store from a single
codebase or build, which is why it is so
popular. So if we put this tree
together, Stitch will now be your
designer. It creates the visuals for
your app. Anti-gravity is going to be
your mobile app developer. It takes
those designs and turns them into real
code. And because anti-gravity is
equipped with a Flutter framework, it
can package everything into a real
mobile app, one that you can install on
your phone, which I'll also show you how
to do and eventually publish to the App
Store or Play Store. And this has all
been made possible because of some new
releases from Google in the past few
weeks. First is the Stitch MCP server.
Stands for model context protocol.
Basically, what it does is it lets
antigravity use stitch directly. And if
you combine that with Stitch skills,
which was also recently released, that
would equip Antiggravity with the
knowledge on how to use Stitch properly.
And the third is the Flutter MCP, which
now lets anti-gravity use Flutter as a
framework. So if you put them together,
you've effectively got the full idea to
mobile app pipeline that are all free to
try and are all from Google. But before
you can let antigravity use Stitch
effectively, you first need to
understand how Stitch works yourself. So
let me show you the basics first. So
here we are at Google Stitch which you
can just access via
stitch.withgoogle.com and this interface
is pretty common now where you basically
just describe whatever you want here and
you can also choose the model that you
wish. So if you are just trying this out
tree flash works quite effectively and
it gives you more generations if you are
on the free trial plan but you can also
use their tree pro model basically their
thinking model if you want better
designs from your first shot. Now,
what's good about Stitch is that if you
click on this plus, you can actually
link it with a website URL so that you
can reference the visual elements of any
website that you want to take
inspiration from. So, to give an example
for this video, let's imagine that we
are going to create an application for
the Google Cloud Next event that's
coming up. And what we want to do is to
create a mobile app that is suited for
this particular event so that attendees
can use it and have a better experience
while they are in this conference. So,
if I just paste that URL in there and we
give it a description of what do we
want? Hey there. Can you build me a
two-screen mobile app for Google Cloud
Next 2026? Use the reference website.
And what I want is basically the first
screen to be the homepage. So have a
place for the Google Cloud logo, the
event name, the dates, the location, and
also a button that says uh view
schedule. And then the second screen,
let's have that be the schedule uh with
tabs for days 1, 2, and three with maybe
session cards showing the time, the
title, the speaker's photo, as well as
their room. And I want you to make it
scrollable. Uh make sure to use Google
Cloud branding. and let's have it in
dark mode with minimal design. So, you
can be as detailed as that or you can
just fire off [snorts] a more simple
prompt if you wish because what's great
about Google Stitch anyway is that you
are allowed to fine-tune the designs
from within their platform which I'll
show in a bit. And after some time, it
now generated those designs for us where
you can see it was able to find not just
the venue, not just the location, but
also the design teams that we had on
that original website. Now, this user
interface is already actually really
good. So, you can see we have
recommended for you for the events. We
have the featured speakers which right
now is using Nano Banana Pro to generate
a few images but later we'll turn those
into the actual images of the speakers
and also a view of the agenda which
should take us to the schedules. So this
is what we ask for where we have the
three days of schedules here. And I
believe if we take a look at the actual
schedules from the site, it would match
what Google Stitch also came up with
here. So we have the opening keynote at
9:00 a.m. on the first day. And if we go
back to the agenda, we have the opening
keynote here as well. Now, obviously,
you can edit this, but this already
gives you a really good start to the
design of your mobile app, right? But if
you're building for production, one
thing that you can do is to use Stitch
to come up with more designs so that you
have a bit more optionality. So, let's
say this homepage right here. If you
select it, what we can now do is prompt
Stitch with something like, hey, can you
generate me three more design variations
of this so that I can choose which one
is best? Make them very visually
different from each other, but I just
want each of them to be visually
striking. So, if we send that off and
let's do the 3x mode now, just so that
we can generate variations. Let me try
out the tree flash model as well, just
to see how different it would be. All
right, now that it's done, it actually
created three design variations for me,
which is pretty useful just for you to
get a feel of different ways that you
can style your application. But you can
see since I use Gemini Tree Flash, I
think the original one with Gemini Tree
Pro turned out a bit better. What's
great about Stitch is that you can edit
these designs in a variety of ways. One
very useful tool would be if you click
on this screen, you'll see there's a
couple of options here. You can either
regenerate it, create some variations,
but a useful one for just fine-tuning it
is to annotate it through this button.
And from here, let's say if you zoom in
and let's say you want to change the
date as well as the venue, you can just
annotate it just like what I did. And
say for example, hey, I want to change
the date. So it's actually May 5th to
May 8th, 2026 now. So can you please
update this? And if you click apply,
whatever annotations that you made, it
will edit those specific areas for you.
And there you go. When it's done, it was
able to change that specific portion of
your application. The other useful tip
or feature that I saw here is that you
can actually preview this on your mobile
device directly. So, if you show the QR
code here and if you scan it with your
phone, you'll be able to preview this
design on your mobile just so you can
check how it actually looks and feels on
the actual device that it's meant for.
And there you go. You can see I just
tried it. And you can actually scroll
through this as well. If it shows like a
404 error for you, most likely you
haven't just logged into your account on
Stitch on your phone. So now, let's say
we're satisfied with these two screens
and we actually want to build it into a
working mobile application that we can
deploy on our phone. The next step now
that you can do is to make sure to
highlight these screens, click on
export. And if you export them into a
zip file, that will download a file in
your computer. And so now if we go to
anti-gravity, if we just open that
folder, which would be this one for me
after I unzipped it, and you can just
ask it to build out this application for
you. Hey, can you take these mobile app
designs and turn them into a working
Flutter application? Make sure that the
navigation works between screens and it
matches the design of it exactly. Then
run it locally so that I can test it.
And if we fire that off, gravity will
now figure out the best way to turn this
into an application. And by the end of
it, it will open up your browser for you
to give you a preview of what that would
look like. Now, the first time that you
do this, and if you haven't developed
any applications before, what
antigravity will most likely do is
download all of the dependencies for
you. So, that's what it did for me
earlier. And you can see here that it
confirmed that we installed the Flutter
software development kit or SDK that's
roughly around 2 GB in size. But apart
from that framework, we also needed to
install the Android SDK as well as this
Java development kit. Essentially, these
are all just dependencies that are
needed in order to build the
application. But the good news is they
are entirely free and anti-gravity will
do the heavy lifting to get that in your
device. And the other thing is if you're
setting this up for the first time, it
will likely take a few minutes for it to
build out. But after installing these,
you'll be pretty well set and your
process to create mobile apps will be
much much faster. And while Angravity is
building this out, if you found any
value in this tutorial, consider
subscribing because that really helps us
a lot to put out more educational
content like this. But now, if we go
back to our project, you can see it now
created this application for me. Opened
it in my browser so that I can preview
it. And you can see that this is now
interactive. So you can scroll through
it. You can see the featured speakers
here. And of course, we will be able to
add photos in there later. And you can
also it linked everything through. So
that if we click on the schedule, we'll
be able to find the schedule within this
preview. And this is entirely oneshotted
by the way. So you can see with just one
prompt, it was able to create this full
interactive application that we can just
improve on. But before we go any further
and actually put it on our phones, first
let me show how we can take this further
and upgrade our setup with MCP and
dedicated skills for these tools that I
mentioned earlier. And just to recap, if
you set up the Stitch MCP for
Antiggravity, what that will effectively
do is to let anti-gravity control Stitch
directly, which is useful because
instead of you going back and forth
between tools where you design in
Stitch, you export those files and then
you import it to antigravity. Your agent
can handle all of that. And what you
need to do to install this MCP is to
copy this piece of script, which I just
included in the guide below along with
other resources for you to set this up.
And what you can do is just ask to set
up this MCP. Now, for my case, since I
already have it installed, it will
probably tell me that. But if you don't
have it yet, the only thing it needs in
order to do this is going to be your API
key. So, if I go back to Stitch and just
go to Stitch settings, if you scroll
down here and find this create API key,
you'll be able to create one link to
your account. Just copy that in. And
when you send that key over to
anti-gravity, what it will now do is set
up your MCP configuration to add that
in. And for you to confirm that MCP was
installed, all you need to do is to
click on this MCP servers here at the
top. And if you click on manage MCP
servers here, you'll be able to find the
stitch MCP where now your anti-gravity
has access to these actions that let it
create projects, get projects from
stitch and so on. So now if I ask
anti-gravity with something like this
where I ask it what are my stitch
projects, it will be able to call on
those MCP tools and actually find your
projects for you. So without even having
to log into Google Stitch, it's able to
find those projects for me. And later in
just a bit, we'll be creating projects
from within Adigravity as well. But
before you do that, one thing that I
advise you to add as well is the stitch
skills. And these skills were recently
released by Google. And to install them
the way you would for any skill that is
on GitHub, which is basically sort of
the world's Google Drive for a lot of
these skills and code as a whole, you
can just ask your anti-gravity agent to
install this skill. And what it will do
is to just copy those files over to your
device. And once that is done
installing, you now have these six
skills that your antiggravity can use to
analyze stitch projects to convert them
into React components. But the one we're
going to use in a bit is this stitch
loop which would help us generate
complete multi-page websites or
applications from just a single prompt.
So we're going to enrich that
application that we just built so that
it has a bit more application pages for
it to be a richer experience for our
users. But before we do that, the last
thing that I advise you to do is to now
install the Flutter MCP. And to install
it, one method is to just give
anti-gravity this documentation, which
again I'll include in the guide below.
And you can see this is the Flutter MCP
server, but it's also the Dart MCP
server. And Dart is essentially the
coding language that Flutter runs on.
But for our purposes, you can think of
them as one and the same. But since both
Flutter and Adigravity are from Google,
what they've actually done, if you go to
MCP servers here, is that by default,
you would have Dart as an option here,
which would be the Flutter MCP server.
And if you click that, that will just
let you immediately install it, which
you can see I have it installed and I
have it enabled as well. Now, most
likely if you installed Flutter
previously, it may send you this error
where it says that it couldn't find it
in its path. Basically, what that means
is that anti-gravity doesn't just know
yet where to find your Flutter
installation. So, if you just ask
anti-gravity to fix this and find my
Flutter installation, we did earlier,
you can just let it troubleshoot it and
search for your recent conversations in
order to find that for you. And once
it's done doing that, all you need to do
is to restart your anti-gravity. And you
can see this is now fixed. And I have
now confirmation that here under manage
MCB servers, anti-gravity now has these
actions as well, which just gives it a
lot more context around what to do when
it comes to building Flutter
applications. And you can see there's 24
actions here. It allows anti-gravity to
immediately understand how to do a hot
restart, how to do a hot reload, and
several other actions, which just gives
it more context and knowledge around
building Flutter applications. So
basically making your agents a bit more
reliable. So now with all of that set
up, what we can now do is instead of
going to Stitch, you can just create
your designs from within anti-gravity
and it builds out multiple screens for
you on its own using the stitch loop
skill. Hey, can you build a three-creen
mobile app for Google Cloud Next 2026?
Let's say screen one is a merch store.
Show like a grid of products like
t-shirts, hoodies, and caps each with a
photo, a price, and an add to cart
button. Let's have screen two be like a
food ordering in the event. So, display
lunch options like sandwiches, salads,
snacks, all of that uh with uh photos
and dietary icons and also an add to
order button. And finally, let's have
screen tree be like a live venue map.
So, show an interactive floor plan with
pins for stages, food areas, merch
boots, and restrooms. And also include a
search bar at the top so attendees can
find locations much easier. Uh make sure
to use Google cloud branding a dark
theme clean water design and uh refer to
this URL as well for the reference site
inspiration and make sure to use the
stitch loop skill. So let's try that and
see what it comes up with and
immediately you can see that what it
does differently is that it is going to
call on that skill just to understand
how to actually use this product. It
looks at the existing screens that we've
already built just to understand the
design principles for those. It's now
going to the website we gave it which is
the Google cloud event website just to
capture reference designs that it can
get from that particular link. And
finally, it uses the MCP that it has
connected with Stitch in order to create
those projects for us. And there you go.
Once it's done, you can actually open
this application again locally, which
means you can preview it right on your
browser. And this is the merch store.
This design was created with Stitch and
then antigravity was the one who made it
real along with the ability to actually
click on these buttons where you can
filter for accessories, limited edition
items and you can even add these to cart
which within seconds I was able to do
this just by talking to my agent. And
you even have an interactive cart button
that gives you the merch items that this
attendee would want to purchase. And now
if I go to the food screen that it did,
it's pretty much the same thing where
you can add items in here. And the final
screen it did is this map feature. So,
similar to what you would expect on a
map, you can zoom in, you can move
through it, you can even filter for the
stages, food and drink, so on and so
forth. And also, if your attendee just
wants to find a merch store, they can
also search through it. So, immediately
you have a working demo that you can
show to clients or to continue building
out yourself because obviously what it
put here are just placeholders. Once you
have actual images, you can just put
them here in your anti-gravity files and
let anti-gravity put those into these
cells. And just to show you how
effective anti-gravity is with these
tasks, if you remember in our home
screen before, our future speakers are
obviously not ideal because there's just
AI generated image placeholders here. So
if for example, the photos that you want
to use are already hosted online. What
you can just do is to send that into
anti-gravity. And just ask it, hey, I
want to update the photos of the
speakers to reflect what is in the
future speakers section of our website
here. Can you see if you can do that and
source those images for us? And just
fire that off to see if it can actually
source it for you. For most websites,
this can actually work. But you can see
here that it's having trouble because
those speaker names and images are
likely rendered dynamically. So what it
decided to do for me is to actually look
for the images of these people from the
web. Now that's obviously an option for
you. But in case you really want to
force it to get these images, you can
assist it in a bit. So if you go to
Chrome, hit rightclick and click on
inspect or control shift I, that's also
an option. If you click on this button
where you can select an element, you'll
be able to select specifically this
image and find it from within this
website's source files. So that is one
image, but we obviously want the whole
thing. So if we just navigate to find
that whole group of elements, we'll be
able to find it here. Do a right click
and just copy this element and give that
to anti-gravity. And now you can see
that it extracted that markup language
for us to get those PNG image files for
each of our speakers. And there we go.
It now launched this preview for us and
it also gave us the right photos of each
of the speakers. So now you can imagine
how you can slowly build up this
application so that it is fine-tuned to
whatever it is that you need instead of
just a working demo. So now let's say
you want to take this preview from your
desktop into your phone. What is it now
that you need to do? Well, what you can
do is ask antiggravity, hey the
application looks great. Uh what I would
like to do now is to package it into an
APK file so that I can preview that on
my phone. Can you do that? And also give
me a step by step on how I can install
it on my phone so that I can preview it
myself. And with that command,
essentially this APK, think of it as
like a zip file but for mobile
applications. So when you put your APK
files into your phone, your phone can
effectively unzip it. And it will be
able to preview that and install it as
an app straight from your mobile device.
And when anti-gravity finishes building,
it will tell you that your APK is now
ready. And it can also tell you how to
install it on your phone. All you need
to do really is to download that file to
your phone. And if you click it, it will
prompt you to sort of unzip that file
and install the application on your
device. And here you can see I did it
earlier. There you go. And we have the
speakers here as well. And you can even
go to the schedule and find the schedule
of events there running as a native
application right on my phone. So we
went from an idea to a text prompt to a
mobile app that you can actually use on
your phone and all using free tools that
you can try today. And if you want to
take this further and publish to the
Play Store or App Store, I've got a full
step-by-step guide for that just in the
description. But in case you're new to
this space, do know that for the Play
Store, there is a onetime $25 developer
fee in order to publish applications.
And for the App Store, in case you don't
know, number one, there's a developer
account requirement, which is 99 bucks
per year, and you actually need a Mac to
build for iOS. And if you want to go
deeper and learn how to actually earn
from the AI skills that you're
developing, then check out the Robunagus
community. There's several courses here
around learning and earning from AI with
training certification, a community of
over a thousand AI practitioners to
build your network, and paid
opportunities and collaborations being
shared regularly. And also, we recently
partnered with 500 plus of the best AI
tools to give you deals and discounts if
you're on the annual plan, which
hopefully makes your investment
worthwhile. Just see if that's for you,
but if not, that's completely all right
as well. That's it for this one. I'll
see you guys next time. Thank you.
[music]
